# **Azerbaijan**
## _For about my country:_
##### The Republic of Azerbaijan successfully continued its statehood activities after restoring its state independence on October 18, 1991. Located in the west of the Caspian Sea basin, Azerbaijan borders Russia (Dagestan) to the north, Georgia to the northwest, Armenia to the west, Turkey to the southwest, and Iran to the south. Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic is an autonomous state within the Republic of Azerbaijan.

##### The territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan is officially 86,600 square meters, and its population has exceeded 10,000,000 people. The state of Azerbaijan is a democratic, legal, secular, unitary republic. Azerbaijan is a member of the United Nations, the Council of Europe, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, GUAM, the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Organization of Islamic Cooperation, the Cooperation Council of Turkic-Speaking States, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Black Sea Economic Cooperation Organization, and other important organizations.
##### The daily means of communication and the official state language of the population of the Republic of Azerbaijan is the Azerbaijani language. According to the genealogical classification, the Azerbaijani language is one of the Turkic languages, it belongs to the Oghuz group of that language family, and together with its closest relatives, the Turkic, Turkmen and Gagauz languages, form the southwestern group of the Turkic language area according to the territorial principle.
##### [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Azerbaijan) you can take more information for about Azerbaijan.
